docs: Prep 3.3.x documentation (#97)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: versioned_docs/version-3.2.x/deployments/local_application.mdx

---
id: local_application
slug: /local_application
title: Local Application
description: Guide for deploying a task as a local application
---

A major feature of Honeycomb is the ability to bundle JsPsych tasks into applications that can be run on any computer in a lab or clinic. Installers for these applications can be created for Windows, Mac, and Linux. The applications can be run without an internet connection, and do not require any additional software to be installed on the computer.

> Installers for these application can be created on demand and/or automatically when a new release is created. This is called "Continuous Deployment" - more information about Honeycomb's CI/CD workflow can be found here [here](ci_cd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installers for these applications can be created on demand and automatically when a new release is created. This is called "Continuous Deployment" - more information about Honeycomb's CI/CD workflow can be found here [here](ci_cd).
```

## Creating a Release

Follow the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/managing-releases-in-a-repository#creating-a-release) for creating a release.

The tag should be in the format `vX.X.X` where `X.X.X` is the version number of the release. For example, if the release is version 1.0.0, the tag should be `v1.0.0`.

:::warning
Your release **must** included a new tag for the CI/CD workflow to work.
:::

## Running the task

> 

Reviewer: For these numbered bullets, remove periods for consistency with other lists? I think the exclamation point is still fine to provide emphasis on a bullet point

1. Navigate to the repository's "Releases" tab and select the tag you just created.
2. Download the installer for your operating system.
3. Double click the installer to run it. Follow the instructions to install the application.

> 4. The application will automatically start after the first instillation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The application will automatically start after the first installation.
```
